- The vm86 reflection code contains a dirty hack: the vm86_exc1 function
	in vm86-exc.c hardcodes the int to be reflected...
	This should be fixed in some way!!!
    FIXED (and seems to be working very well...)

- Now, the registers structure should be fixed: move the flags field to the
	other side of the structure (adding the CS and EIP fields), so that
	we will not have to push flags and explicitly move it anymore...
    DONE

- Fix problems with ASs and INTs (see kl/cxsw-1.s and xlib/exc.s)
	Done! At least it doesn't crash :)
	Must check in some way if the stack is correct or not...
   I checked it, and it seems to be ok...

- verify that only the needed .o files are linked (see -DPROFILE); provide
	a lightweight implementation of ``message'' (currently remapped on
	cprintf) that does not require linking libm

- profile and optimize the event management code

- rewrite cons.c isolating the parts making assumptions on memory spaces and
	improving efficency (window-based functions can be implemented
	separately)

- pentium timestamp conter code... Integrate it in timer code and event
	management
					Assigned to Gerardo

- provide some macro for int-based and call gate-based system calls
    Done for INT: see examples/syscalls.c

- begin to implement some serious code using OSLib:
	1) some simple multithreading executive based on cooperative and
		preemptive scheduling, message-based or based on shared
		memory and semaphores...
	2) some real small kernel, separating it from application code
	3) as 2), but with different address spaces for kernel and
		application
	...

- fix the eXtender in order to be fully multiboot compliant (no extension to
	the standard multiboot structure: we can use memory maps). Upgrade it
	to the latest version of the standard. Implement modules loading
  == Some work has been done... Now the eXtender can load MB compiant images
     and manages modules.
  == Now everything is compatible with the latest MB standard (the loader
     name is used)
     o Still to do: the memory map stuff & module parameters

- what about fixing that _NOH4_ story?

- implement get_ES(), get_GS(), setES/FS/GS(), get_LDTR()
